[All Hosts] (ui) more fixes for 'UI-less' terminology (#3524)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/dialog-best-practices.md

- The dialog box can only navigate to HTTPS URLs, not HTTP.
- The URL passed to the [displayDialogAsync](/javascript/api/office/office.ui) method must be in the exact same domain as the add-in itself. It cannot be a subdomain. But the page that is passed to it can redirect to a page in another domain.

> - A host page, which can be a task pane or the [function file](/javascript/api/manifest/functionfile) of a [function command](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands), can have only one dialog box open at a time.

Reviewer: Unrelated, but the definition seems to hide the limitation. Consider this reframing.
```suggestion
- A host page can have only one dialog box open at a time. The host page could be either a task pane or the [function file](/javascript/api/manifest/functionfile) of a [function command](../design/add-in-commands.md#types-of-add-in-commands).
```
